The mark number 265, the fountainhead.
And I have $2,000.
The list is $2,000.
Now we have $2,000.
$2,250.
$2,500.
$2,750.
Add $3,000.
$3,000.
$3,250.
$3,250 now.
Set around $3,250.
And $3,250 now.
We have $3,250 now.
We have $3,500.
$35,000 on the telephone now.
$35,000, $37,50 in the room.
$37,50.
$4,000 on the telephone.
$4,000.
$200, $300, $400.
$500, $600.
$700 on the aisle now.
$700 on the center aisle now.
$700.
$900.
$1,000.
$1,000 on the phone now.
$1,000 on the aisle.
$1,100 now on the $400 telephone.
$1,300.
$1,400.
Telephone is $1,400.
$1,400 on the phone.
$1,500.
$1,600.
$1,600 on the phone is $1,500.
They're all the telephone, $1,500.
Remember Chronicles, 271.
At $31,000, $32,000, $33,000, $34,000, $35,000, $36,000, $37,000, $38,000, $39,000 now, that's on my right, $39,000 now.
$39,000 and $39,000 and $39,000 then fair warning now number 272 stop
And I have $2,000 on the list.
$2,000 now bidding in $2,000.
$2,000 now.
$2,000.
Any advance over $2,000?
$2,000 now bidding in $2,000.
$2,250.
$2,250 now bidding in $2,250.
Any advance over $2,250?
Is there any advance over $2,250?
Fair warning now at $2,250.
Far right.
3215, and that's, um, mark number two, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000.
There she is.
And I have $10,000 been on this, $10,000 now being in $10,000.
$11,000, $12,000, $13,000, $14,000, $15,000, $16,000, $17,000, $18,000.
$18,000, now bring it $18,000, $18,000, $19,000, $19,000, $19,000, now bring it $19,000, $20,000, can you please?
$20,000, $21,000, $22,000, $23,000, $24,000, $24,000.
$24,000.
Fair warning.
625, $24,000.
Thank you.
Lot number 275.
And I have $1,000 bill listed, $1,000 now.
Add $2,250, $2,500, $7,50, $3,000.
Add $3,250, $3,500, $7,50, $4,000.
$2,250, $4,500.
Add $4,500 now being $4,500.
The absentee bid is $4,500 then at $4,500.
Fair warning now, $4,500.
Roll the order at $4,500.
For folios, 276.
The Shakespeare folios.
And I have $500,000 to start on this.
$500,000 now being $550,000, $600,000.
At $600,000 now being $650,000, $700,000.
At $700,000, now putting $700,000.
At $700,000, now putting $700,000, $750,000, $800,000.
At $800,000, now putting $800,000.
At $800,000, $850,000, $900,000.
At $900,000, now putting $900,000.
At $900,000, $950,000, $1 million.
At $1 million, now putting $1 million.
at one million dollars now bidding at one million at one million dollars now bidding one million at one million dollars now bidding at one million dollars at one million and fifty thousand now bidding at one million and fifty at one million and fifty thousand now bidding at one million and fifty thousand one million one hundred thousand at one million one hundred thousand now at one million one hundred thousand dollars at one million one hundred thousand dollars
At $1,100,000.
$1,150,000.
$1,200,000.
At $1,200,000.
At $1,200,000 there.
Fair warning now at $1,200,000.
Last $277 is, as you like it, the tail of the shrew, et cetera.
And $3,000, but all this is $3,000.
At $3,000, something is $3,000.
Then he's gone to the $3,000.
At $32.50 now, at $32.50 standing,
At $32.50.
Any advance over $32.50?
Now bring it $32.50.
At $32.50.
Any advance over $32.50?
Is there any advance over $32.50?
It's on my bell.
At $32.50.
One, two.
$32.50.
Pass number 278.
And $1,000 bid.
$1,000.
$1,
At $1,400, now bring in $1,400.
$1,400, now bring in $1,400.
$1,500, now bring in $1,500.
At $1,500, $1,700.
At $1,700, now bring in $1,700.
$1,800.
$1,900.
At $1,900, seated at $1,900.
$2,000.
At $2,250.
At $2,250, now $2,500.
$2,750.
At $2,750, now bring in $2,750.
$3,000.
$6,000 now bidding a six.
$6,000 there won.
6,000, it's right.
Shakespeare poems, about 282.
And at $25,000, it's $25,000, you're now being $25,000.
At $35,000, now $27,500.
At $27,500, $30,000.
At $30,000, $32,500, $35,000.
At $35,000, now $35,000.
$37,500, $30,000.
$32,500, $35,000.
$57,500.
$50,000.
That's $50,000.
That's $50,000 now between $50.
$50,000 and that's $563.
Thank you.
$563 is Frankenstein.
On the right 42,500
The final lot in the sale, lot 322.
Fifteen.
Seventeen.
Seventeen hundred dollars an ounce.
All of them.
Seventeen hundred dollars.
Now to you.
Seventeen hundred dollars
What was your reaction to the sale?
Were you pleased with it?
Well, I was very excited.
I mean, certainly the smaller items are doing incredibly well.
They bought an astonishing price.
It's too bad about the Shakespeare there.
Small items, they're medium items.
Somebody said, they were sitting next to me, they said,
I read a book, and I said, now it doesn't matter.
How about the Shakespeare's?
Shakespeare's too bad.
I mean, it's a disappointment.
What do you attribute that to, too fresh?
Well, they were so fresh, after all, they didn't even bought two years ago.
So what happens to them now?
Do they go back to planning?
Well, yes, they're his.
We'll be talking to them about them.
And they're an extraordinary, extraordinary, extraordinary series of books to have.
You think maybe they're a little over-vegged at $2.5?
$1.5 to $2.5?
How can one say that?
He paid $2.1 for $2 million and $90,000 to be exact.
Where was that underbid?
From the previous sale.
One wonders.
Yes, I agree.
Where was he?
I would have liked to have seen him.
You're taking the words out of my mouth.
I guess the Elliot Bible is my other question.
Well, I think there have been a number on the market recently, and that's probably true.
And so I think that market possibly has a result.
On the whole earth.
But the other things, I mean, look at some of the other clients.
It's astonishing, right?
Oh, it's right, right?
Yeah.
This gentleman, Mr. Weinstein, right?
He helped.
How are you doing?
I'm fine.
Did you see my piece on the New York Times in April?
Probably not, huh?
Yeah, I probably didn't because I was in Arizona in April.
I had a front page.
I'm excited to show here today.
Well, I'd like to make a contribution.
I feel I have a moral obligation to support my profession.
Now, did it just appear that you were working as a trio today?
We often work together in that
It probably appeared that way more often than not because we consult each other about certain things.
Were you buying collaboratively?
A few items, but mostly we were buying separately.
Were you buying for stock or for clients?
Both.
I mean, I was probably half of the material.
The most expensive thing I bought, the Dickens Bank, I bought for a client.
Do you feel that the market's softening a little bit with the economy?
I feel it should be, but I don't feel it is.
I went to two sales this week, the Christie sale on Tuesday, and there was only two lots bought in, a very modest lot, and this sale here, and it's a surprisingly strong market.
And the only reason I have to believe that it's holding up is because art has become so expensive that people have stepped into books
because $5,000 to $50,000 is the high end for books and the low end for art.
Have you noticed that in Los Angeles?
Well, I haven't.
I've noticed it more in the rooms.
I've noticed there is a reduction of the number of people coming around, certainly during the summer.
But fortunately, you talked to me on a good day, and it's been very busy the last week.
So I said, boy, it's been busy this week.
But one thing good about Seal is that
It generates interest.
Even if I don't buy a book, I create the excitement of a customer.
So if he missed a book for $20,000, I could sell him one in my shop for $15,000 that he was thinking about anyway because he's back in.
And what I really need is momentum.
Seals bring about that kind of momentum.
How come you didn't go for the Tamerlane?
Because I'm a catalyst.
I believe I have to make a profit on it.
And I would have bought it $120,000.
$110,000 was my bid to sell it for $175,000.
Of course, if the last one bought 150, I think that you sell.
Yeah, right.
And so, and it's not a strong market, say, on the high-end items.
Because obviously, the higher the price, like a pyramid, the smaller, fewer people are.
And Dick's out of the pool.
Because if you could deal with the integrated to Dick, I'd look like this one.
I saw Dick.
Bill's self, his last trip, as a matter of fact.
Yeah, he was here.
Was Bill here today?
Yeah, he was here today.
He took him yesterday as a viewing.
He was here today.
I missed him.
Might have to walk out there.
Somebody's standing there waiting for him.